DOCUMENTATION: Clarify experience gain of sleeves (#1609)
bitburner-official/bitburner-src: src/Documentation/doc/advanced/sleeves.md

Sleeve shock slowly decreases over time.
You can further increase the rate at which it decreases by assigning sleeves to the `Shock Recovery` task.

> Let `X` be the sleeve's recover ratio (calculated as `(100 - shock) / 100`), and `Y` be the sleeve's synchronization ratio (calculated as `synchronize / 100`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let `X` be the sleeve's recovery ratio (calculated as `(100 - shock) / 100`), and `Y` be the sleeve's synchronization ratio (calculated as `synchronize / 100`).
```

When performing a task would give you `A` experience normally, the sleeve gains `A * X` experience instead.

> The player’s original host consciousness earn fraction of the experience sleeve gained, namely `A * X * Y`.
> 
> Other sleeves also earn the experience. However, their own shock affect this gain.
> Let `Z` be the receiving sleeve's recover ratio. It earns `A * X * Y * Z` experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The player’s original host consciousness earns a fraction of the experience the sleeve gained, namely `A * X * Y`.

Other sleeves also earn the experience. However, their own shock affects this gain.
Let `Z` be the receiving sleeve's recovery ratio. It earns `A * X * Y * Z` experience.
```

You can further increase the rate at which it decreases by assigning sleeves to the `Shock Recovery` task.

Let `X` be the sleeve's shock and `Y` be the sleeve's synchronization.
When the sleeve earns experience by performing a task, the sleeve gains `(100-X) %` of the amount of experience normally earned by the task.

The player’s original host consciousness earn `Y%` of the experience that the sleeve gained, or `(100-X)*Y/100 %` of the normal experience amount.

Other sleeves also earn the experience. However, their own shock affect this gain.

> Let `Z` be the receiving sleeve's shock, then it earns `(100-Z) %` of the experience the working sleeve synchronizing, or `(100-X)*Y*(100-Z)/10000 %` of the normal experience amount.

Reviewer: Oof. This is really suffering from how percentages don't really work when multiplied/divided.

I would suggest changing this section to use fractions (0-1) instead of percentages (0-100%). Then multiplication just works naturally. You could also just say that "\`X\` = 1 - the sleeve's shock", and then you don't need to write (1-X) everywhere.

Author: Modified to use fraction ratio (range 0~1) for formular instead of percentage.
Please have another look.
